Lin Long, Prince,
You were wrong about what you asked me to do.
Just like you thought, it's okay to go and have an iron body.
Everyone was surprised. What did King Rui want to say?
Return to the Queen Mother and I will find out,
Wang Taiyi's men proved that Xu Yiguan
That day, Pingfan went into the drug store and bought a large amount of henbane.
Henbane, henbane is not poison,
But it can temporarily numb the patient's nerves,
Make people lose consciousness.
Xu Yiguan, please tell me, teacher.
What do you want to do when you buy henbane?
I am doing research for you
There are so many angels in the public that we don’t need.
You have to go outside
The king has found out
The emperor reused a large number of immortals
I will fall into a coma
If you don't always explain
That's why your cat harmed the emperor
Yin originally died